the following review has been approved
by Lord garnered in the best of classic
game room Wednesday's comic book day
here at classic game room and this is
the review of action force number nine
with Zartan Action Force there's an ad
for transformers on the back look at
that scowling face why it could only be
Zartan an issue number nine of GI 280
it's action action force the hell is an
action force isn't this comic called GI
Joe a Real American Hero number 25 boy
am i confused it's like the exact same
comic except it's bigger and way more
colorful it actually looks pretty good
here's a look at the GI Joe version
which is now about 31 years old where
Storm Shadow is talking to roadblock
let's look at Action Force which has
nicer paper and obviously far bolder
colors the incredibly talented larry
Hama did be pencils for this issue and
Action Force was released in 1987 where
the same GI Joe issue was released in
1984 for sixty cents man I miss those
days nothing isn't sense anymore what
our sense anyway unbeknownst to me some
of the hesburgh licensed marvel comics
were re-released in Europe as as larger
issues larger and physical size they're
actually shorter with some dialogue
changes i'll get to that in a bit but
let's take a look at action force number
9 which i think is the first appearance
of Zartan except with some writing
differences between the two issues I'm
not really sure in GI joe cobra
commander says too bad major blood
couldn't join us in action force he says
I wonder how wild weasel is faring since
when does Cobra Commander care about
anyone that seems strange for him anyway
since I haven't read all of the other
action force issues I really have no
idea what's going on here except check
this out another major difference
there's no ads
or at least there aren't yet so in some
respects this comic is superior in terms
of color quality page size and the fact
that you get to enjoy more of the
barrenness since technically she's
larger here all good stuff what's
happening in this issue is Cobra
Commander's meetings are tan for the
first time Zartan shows that he's the
human chameleon and absorbs fireflies
camouflage it's your typical awesome GI
Joe comic book except it's not GI Joe
its action force and right before the
action starts literally we get ads for
toys mail call and some other crappy
comic that was definitely not drawn by
larry Hama action force number 9
literally ends halfway through GI Joe
issue number 25 and the rest of GI Joe
25 is non stop shooting in explosions so
you action force readers got short
changed man you should call Marvel and
get a refund this was sent to the show
by an unknown viewer and Anchorage
Alaska thank you very much for action
force and the transformers comics I'll
cover GI Joe number 25 when I get to
that when I start reviewing the GI Joe
issues action force it may give you a
bigger Baroness but you also get less
berenice the best of classic game room
is now on DVD blu-ray and hyper laser
vision album set